Summary.md, before:

# 6.0001 - Introduction to Computer Science and Programming in Python

## Lectures
- [X] Lecture 1 - What is computation? 
- [X] Lecture 2 - Branching and Iteration 
- [X] Lecture 3 - String Manipulation, Guess and Check, Approximations, Bisection 
- [X] Lecture 4 - Decomposition, Abstractions, Functions 
- [X] Lecture 5 - Tuples, Lists, Aliasing, Mutability, Cloning 
- [X] Lecture 6 - Recursion, Dictionaries 
- [ ] Lecture 7 - Testing, Debugging, Exceptions, Assertions
- [ ] Lecture 8 - Object Oriented Programming 
- [ ] Lecture 9 - Python Classes and Inheritance 
- [ ] Lecture 10 - Understanding Program Efficiency, Part 1 
- [ ] Lecture 11 - Understanding Program Efficiency, Part 2 
- [ ] Lecture 12 - Searching and Sorting

## Problem Sets
- [X] Pset 0 - Completed on 12 July 2025
- [X] Pset 1 - Completed on 15 July 2025
- [ ] Pset 2 - 
- [ ] Pset 3
- [ ] Pset 4
- [ ] Pset 5

## Readings and Assignments Order

Textbook used in the lectures: _Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python: With Application to Understand Data Second Edition_

| Lect | Topics | Readings | Assignments |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1   |  What is computation? | Chapter 1 and 2.1 | Pset0 |
| 2   | Branching and Iteration | Chapter 2.2, 2.3.1, 2.4 and 3.2 | Pset1 released |
| 3   | String Manipulation, Guess and Check, Approximations, Bisection | Chapters 3.1 and 3.3–3.5 | Pset0 due | 
| 4   | Decomposition, Abstractions, Functions | Chapters 4.1–4.2 and 4.4–4.6 | Pset2 released |
| 5   | Tuples, Lists, Aliasing, Mutability, Cloning |  Chapters 5.1–5.3.1 and 5.4–5.5 | Pset1 due |
| 6   | Recursion, Dictionaries | Chapters 4.3 and 5.6 | Pset3 release |
| 7   | Testing, Debugging, Exceptions, Assertions | Chapters 6 and 7  | Pset 2 due |
| 8   | Object Oriented Programming | Chapter 8.1 | N/A |
| 9   | Python Classes and Inheritance | Chapter 8.2 | Pset 3 due; Pset 4 released |
| 10  | Understanding Program Efficiency, Part 1 | Chapters 9.1–9.3.1, 9.3.3, and 9.3.5 | Pset 4 due; Pset 5 released |
| 11  | Understanding Program Efficiency, Part 2 | Chapters 9.3.2, 9.3.4, 9.3.6, and 9.3.7 | N/A |
| 12  | Searching and Sorting algorithms | Chapters 10.1–10.2 | Pset 5 due |

### Readings

- [X] - Chapter 1 and 2.1 - _Completed on July 12th_
- [X] - Chapter 2.2, 2.3.1, 2.4 and 3.2 - _Completed on July 13th_
- [X] - Chapters 3.1 and 3.3–3.5 - _Completed on July 14th_
- [X] - Chapters 4.1–4.2 and 4.4–4.6 - _Completed on July 16th_
- [X] - Chapters 5.1–5.3.1 and 5.4–5.5 - _Completed on July 17th_
- [X] - Chapters 4.3 and 5.6 - _Completed on July 21th_
- [ ] - Chapters 6 and 7
- [ ] - Chapter 8.1 and 8.2
- [ ] - Chapters 9.1–9.3.1, 9.3.3, and 9.3.5
- [ ] - Chapters 9.3.2, 9.3.4, 9.3.6, and 9.3.7
- [ ] - Chapters 10.1–10.2

Commit message:

Lecture 8 Completed
Lecture 8 on OOP completed and started Lecture 9 on Classes and Inheritance - Decided to skip Pset3 for now to focus on OOP.

Summary.md, after:

# 6.0001 - Introduction to Computer Science and Programming in Python

## Lectures
- [X] Lecture 1 - What is computation? 
- [X] Lecture 2 - Branching and Iteration 
- [X] Lecture 3 - String Manipulation, Guess and Check, Approximations, Bisection 
- [X] Lecture 4 - Decomposition, Abstractions, Functions 
- [X] Lecture 5 - Tuples, Lists, Aliasing, Mutability, Cloning 
- [X] Lecture 6 - Recursion, Dictionaries 
- [X] Lecture 7 - Testing, Debugging, Exceptions, Assertions (Need to finish the Lecture Note)
- [X] Lecture 8 - Object Oriented Programming 
- [X] Lecture 9 - Python Classes and Inheritance 
- [ ] Lecture 10 - Understanding Program Efficiency, Part 1 
- [ ] Lecture 11 - Understanding Program Efficiency, Part 2 
- [ ] Lecture 12 - Searching and Sorting

## Problem Sets
- [X] Pset 0 - Completed on 12 July 2025
- [X] Pset 1 - Completed on 15 July 2025
- [X] Pset 2 - Completed on 21 July 2025
- [X] Pset 3 - Skipped on 23 July 2025
- [ ] Pset 4
- [ ] Pset 5

## Readings and Assignments Order

Textbook used in the lectures: _Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python: With Application to Understand Data Second Edition_

| Lect | Topics | Readings | Assignments |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1   |  What is computation? | Chapter 1 and 2.1 | Pset0 |
| 2   | Branching and Iteration | Chapter 2.2, 2.3.1, 2.4 and 3.2 | Pset1 released |
| 3   | String Manipulation, Guess and Check, Approximations, Bisection | Chapters 3.1 and 3.3–3.5 | Pset0 due | 
| 4   | Decomposition, Abstractions, Functions | Chapters 4.1–4.2 and 4.4–4.6 | Pset2 released |
| 5   | Tuples, Lists, Aliasing, Mutability, Cloning |  Chapters 5.1–5.3.1 and 5.4–5.5 | Pset1 due |
| 6   | Recursion, Dictionaries | Chapters 4.3 and 5.6 | Pset3 release |
| 7   | Testing, Debugging, Exceptions, Assertions | Chapters 6 and 7  | Pset 2 due |
| 8   | Object Oriented Programming | Chapter 8.1 | N/A |
| 9   | Python Classes and Inheritance | Chapter 8.2 | Pset 3 due; Pset 4 released |
| 10  | Understanding Program Efficiency, Part 1 | Chapters 9.1–9.3.1, 9.3.3, and 9.3.5 | Pset 4 due; Pset 5 released |
| 11  | Understanding Program Efficiency, Part 2 | Chapters 9.3.2, 9.3.4, 9.3.6, and 9.3.7 | N/A |
| 12  | Searching and Sorting algorithms | Chapters 10.1–10.2 | Pset 5 due |

### Readings

- [X] - Chapter 1 and 2.1 - _Completed on July 12th_
- [X] - Chapter 2.2, 2.3.1, 2.4 and 3.2 - _Completed on July 13th_
- [X] - Chapters 3.1 and 3.3–3.5 - _Completed on July 14th_
- [X] - Chapters 4.1–4.2 and 4.4–4.6 - _Completed on July 16th_
- [X] - Chapters 5.1–5.3.1 and 5.4–5.5 - _Completed on July 17th_
- [X] - Chapters 4.3 and 5.6 - _Completed on July 21th_
- [X] - Chapters 6 and 7 - _Completed on July 22th_
- [X] - Chapter 8.1 and 8.2 - _Completed on July 23th_
- [ ] - Chapters 9.1–9.3.1, 9.3.3, and 9.3.5
- [ ] - Chapters 9.3.2, 9.3.4, 9.3.6, and 9.3.7
- [ ] - Chapters 10.1–10.2
